what's happening guys hope you're all
good for today's video
I'm proud two percent the two thousand
young day trache
gos and I'd like to give a shout out to
major car sales located in Grand Isle
Victoria but allow me to come out and
film this charger and so as always let's
get into it
take a lude body with a black cloth
interior cloth inserts on the doors Stan
193 thousand seven hundred and eleven
kilometers it's got an am/fm radio play
60 CD player with tape player as well
air conditioning controls there
it's got a four speed column shift
automatic transmission for spoke with a
wrap steering wheel hazards electric
windows the driver's side is automatic
electric mirrors central locking very
nice buttons here on the steering wheel
the control the cruise control there's
your cruise control button there and
screen wiper controls indicator and
light controls set a driver side and
passenger airbag Sun visors sunglasses
holder
you clock up there unrests
fully adjustable driver and passenger
seat storage pretty sure that their two
cupholders but I think they would down
there's your handbrake now think that's
your hand back there yeah
brilliant so we're now going to pop the
hood let's go check out the engine shall
we
I've got a 2.7 liter 24 valve jewel
overhead cam v6 producing 132 kilowatt
and 247 Newton Mays at all
looks very clean the engine recently had
a new battery in it
cool
fifteen inch alloy wheels
Oh see legroom is a bit cramped but but
it's actually right get your arm rests
here in the back seats as well
get these yet these trays like you're
getting an airplane ashtray electric
windows
and here in the back as well are the
extra three seats now some of you may
have already known that this card does
come as standard with seven seats one
two three four five six seven
and here in the back you get a another
armrest as well but that's only if
nobody's sitting here cup holder there
as well
another armrest your fan speaker speaker
if you're looking for a cheap family car
you've got about maybe four or five kids
this is the car for you
now this being a family people move
around you won't get a lot of good space
in here but but if you take these the
rear seats out you will get a lot of a
lot of good space and here is some of
your tool kit in there is I don't know
what else is in there
there's your 12-volt power adapters
very nice car
here's your booklet at all and I
it's another cup holder here storage
sack or a car from 2000 to 2002
Australia's Funniest Home Videos they
gate they gave this away second prize
with um with also a brand new Tara Khan
as well I'm mighty glad that they chose
this car okay guys that's it for this
in-depth tour on the 2008 Raja GLS hope
you guys enjoyed it there's plenty more
where that came from
you can like comment subscribe see you
guys next time
you